Another thing that is closely associated with iterators is something called an iterable.
Now what an iterable is is an object with a symbol da iterator property on it.
And I know we haven't talked really in detail about the symbol data type but for now just know that
this property this symbol iterator property specifies this function that returns an iterator for this
given object.
So in other words arrays sets and maps as well as strings and even the iterators that are generator
functions return.
These are all considered to be iterable is because if you think about it they have these built in iterators
specified on them.
So that is why they're referred to as iterable.
And they are designed to work with something called a for loop.
So the first part of the problem that I mentioned was that whenever we use a traditional for loop we
have to keep track of different values by defining these indexes to keep track of where we are in the
loop.
The first part of the solution to that problem is iterators and the second part of the solution is the
for loop.
So to illustrate that he will go ahead and make a new array will do let and we'll call it names you
know set it equal to you Andrew and then Jessica and then Victoria like so and then after that we can
loop through it like so will do for parentheses.
Let name of names like so and then inside of here we can just cancel it out log the individual name.
Now as you can see here it completely eliminates the need to specifically declare like an industry or
an initial value to keep track of where we are in the array.
So what the for loop is doing behind the scenes is calling the next method on these on this iterator
on this iterable.
It's technically calling the next method on the iterator inside of the iterable and it's taking the
value property of the results object that is returned and storing it in this variable until the results
objects property done returns a value of true.
Once the done property of the results object is set to true.
It stops executing this loop and it moves on with the program.